[cheering]
Yeah! Come on! You can
do it, Cho-Cho! We believe in
you!
Go for it, Cho-Cho! Make sure
you finish strong!
Don't you dare do anything
careless out there to- Uh...?
Fight Cho-Cho! You can
do it!
If you win this match, you can
have all the Thunder burgers
you can eat!
What could be better?! All
you can eat burgers with your
Dad! Oh, and uh, your mom too...
Seriously, just burgers? That's
really not very enticing...
The match has already
begun you know! What are you
waiting for?
Huh? Oh. Right, okay!
Your parents are quite
amusing...
Although now I feel bad...
That what they're going to be
witnessing here today is their
daughter's miserable defeat.
Huh? Just who do you
think you are, you jerk?
You'll soon find out...
[grunt]
[cheering]
Do your best!
So tell me, just how would you
assess Cho-Cho's skill level,
anyway?
She's got a whole lot of talent.
but I feel that sometimes, she
lacks motivation...
[cheering]
Hurry up and attack.
[stunned]
(SHINKI) Neither you nor the
others from Round Two are suited
to be shinobi.
I'll show you what reality's
truly like...
Huh? Alright, that's it! You
just ticked me off!
Partial Expansion Jutsu!
Aghhh!
Brute strength from the
start? How unrefined...
You know, the way that you look
down on people makes me really
mad! [grunt and struggling]
[straining]
[gasps]
[straining and grunt]
[grunt]
What's that jutsu...?
That's the one Metal and the
others were helpless against,
isn't that right?
I look down on people? Well, I
suppose you're not wrong about
that.
[grunts]
You think she's going to be
okay, honey?
What's the point of you getting
so worried?! Cho-Cho's no idiot,
you know!
If close combat won't work,
she'll go long-distance.
Yeah, you're right!
Long distance! Just move away
from him!
You really ought to be grateful
that you have parents who're
so concerned about you.
Excuse me? I have no idea what
you're talking about right now!
[straining]
Just hurry and give up, already.
I told you, I'm no good with
discretion...
[straining and gruns]
[cheering]
[grunt]
[gasp] Ow! Awww. And I just had
my nails done, too!
How're you gonna pay me back?!
If you're toying with me, you'll
pay. Big time.
[cheering]
Cho-Cho's eyes suddenly got all
intense!
Yeah...
Listen, don't try to get too
close to him!
[grunt]
Partial Expansion Jutsu!
[heavy breathing] Using the same
tactic isn't gonna work!
[grunt]
Alright, Empty...
Crash!
I get it! You infused chakra
into the Iron Sand to manipulate
it.
Even if you did figure that out,
the situation is the same.
[cheering]
Wow, your boy is pretty skilled.
Where did you find him?
[cheering]
When we met, he...
[gasp]
[pained breaths]
Come along, little one. I'll
teach you how to use your power.
Uh...
What's your name?
(YOUNGER SHINKI) Shinki...
[grunting]
Ah! [pained grunts]
[gasps]
[frustrated breath]
[pained groans and grunt]
[pained grunts]
Take this!
[grunt]
That's right... Show me more of
your desperation.
[grunting] Why you!
Aghhh!
Huh?! Ahhh!
[pained grunts]
[pained groans and grunt]
No, Cho-Cho! You don't have to
get up. You've done more than
enough!
[pained breaths and groans]
You know it's hopeless, but you
still get up?
[pained gasp] You know...
there's a limited edition potato
chip...
...that's spicy codfish roe 'n'
pudding...
...flavored...
Hmmm?
You'd think... that something
like that couldn't possibly
taste good, right? Still...
I wanna try 'em.
Sink or swim... I have to
taste-test them.
You never know till you try,
right?
Wait! That sign...!
Choji, she... she can't do that
one yet, right?!
No, you're wrong! She can! It's
just, uh...
She really hates using it,
that's all...
[cheering]
With the amount of chakra you
have left, nothing you try
will work.
[exhale]
Like I told you earlier...
You're never really gonna know
until you try!
[grunt]
Why go so far...?!
I really hate using this, but...
Human Boulder! [grunt]
[straining]
[groan]
[grunt]
[straining]
[grunt] Go on and-!
Do it, Cho-Cho!
[straining] Ahhh! Roll, roll,
roll, roll, roll, roll, roll!
[satisfied breath]
Roll, roll, roll, roll!
[sigh and chuckle]
[weak breath] Hey... Did your
opinion of me change a little,
at least?
Well, actually... This just
confirmed that I'm better than
you, after all.
Oh, I see. How frustrating...
[woozy groans] Omph!
(ROCK LEE) The winner is Shinki
of the Hidden Sand!
Wow, he's strong...
Cho-Cho was using her full power
in that match. But even so...
She couldn't even put a scratch
on him.
His jutsu's like the Kazekage's,
but exceeds it because of the
Iron Sand's properties...
Damn it... Boruto and the others
don't have a chance against him.
[woozy groans]
(SARADA) Cho-Cho!
You okay?
Well... she seems normal to me!
A silly grin like always!
[grunts]
Aw, man...
(SHINKI) You're Mitsuki, right?
You'd better learn well from
what you saw.
Just what do you mean?
No matter what the reason may
be, going easy on an opponent
only shows contempt for him.
In the next match, I'll bring
you down, and I say that on my
father's honor.
You'll be sorry if you try to
pull what you did in the first
round.
Oh, on your father's honor, huh?
Don't make me laugh.
In a battle, the only one you're
fighting for is yourself, ya
know?
[chuckle]
And I'll defeat you in the match
after that.
If you're still around, that is.
Bring it on! But we'll see if
you're still so stuck-up after
you get beat!
Cho-Cho, no! No,
Cho-Cho!
She just used up too much
chakra. I don't think you have
to worry.
Oh, good. Thank you, Sarada.
[groggy moans] Hey, Dad... Hey,
Mom...
Oh, Cho-Cho! What is it? Are you
feeling hurt?
(CHO-CHO) That guy...
That guy was... handsome, don't
you think?
Huh?!
(CHO-CHO) He is who he is, but
damn!
[exasperated sigh] I told you
there wasn't any need to worry,
didn't I?
(CHOJI) Hey, watch it! Dad's
pretty cool too, you know! You
got that?!
That is the end of the
elimination matches.
The first semifinal match will
be Boruto Uzumaki against
Shikadai Nara.
That match will begin right
after a short thirty-minute
break!
This is turning out to be a real
drag...
This is the first time, isn't
it? That we've had a proper
fight?
I heard that you can produce up
to four Shadow Clones. Is that
true?
[chuckle] Oh, what? I was kinda
planning on surprising you
during our match.
[chuckle] Let's do this fair and
square. No hard feelings,
alright?
[chuckle] Don't cry when you
lose.
(SHIKADAI) Let's do this fair
and square. No hard feeling,
alright?
Hmmm...
Oh, well... I don't need this
thing to win anyway!
(SHIKADAI) You really didn't
have to take time to come
down, you know...
Come on! What kind of thing is
that to say?! That's not very
nice!
Just don't get your hopes up too
high, okay?
Really?! Do you have to be so
much like your dad all the time,
Shikadai?!
Hm?!
Well, being able to stay relaxed
is a good thing...
But, listen... you really only
have one chance.
Yeah...
Believe me, I know.
Look, I don't mean to put
pressure on you here... But
don't lose to Boruto.
(SHIKADAI) What's that supposed
to mean?
(TEMARI) How is that not putting
on pressure?!
(SHIKAMARU) I didn't mean-...
Just win, alright?!
(TEMARI) Yeah, win!
(SHIKADAI) Ugh, just go!
(ROCK LEE) The semifinal match
will begin shortly!
Alright! Well... Guess I'll go
win a match!
You're awfully late, Shikamaru.
Oh, uh... Yeah, sorry.
So where ya been?
[chuckle] Oh, "around".
[chuckle]
From the Leaf, Boruto Uzumaki!
Also from the Leaf, Shikadai
Nara!
[cheering]
Give it everything you've got!
Oh! It's Big Brother!
[cheering]
Match one of the semifinals...
Begins, now!
[cheering]
Do your best, Big Brother!
[grunt]
[grunts]
Wow, they've each really
improved a great deal!
It's too bad this
isn't the final match.
They're doing great! The both of
them!
Well, Shikadai is being serious
for a change...
[chuckles]
[grunts]
Wind Style: Gale Palm!
[dodging grunts]
[grunt] That was a close one!
I was really hoping I could end
this before you use Shadow
Paralysis!
Ha! Don't try to be funny,
alright?
[dodging grunts]
There, you see? Your Shadow
Paralysis has gotten much
sharper!
Just shut up! Let me catch ya!
Don't panic, Shikadai... Just
remember your training.
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Hey, little Shikadai, over here!
No, over here! Or is it over
here? Where are you looking?
Over here!
Hey, quit jumping around!
[grunts]
I got behind him! With the
clones as my insurance, I can do
it now!
[grunt]
Gotcha!
[grunt and straining]
[straining]
Yes!
Hm? Hey, what is that anyway?
How's he able to spread his
shadow out as far as that?!
[chuckle] Let's just say Boruto
wasn't the only one getting
special training.
[straining]
No way...
I already figured out that
sooner or later, you'd resort to
using your Shadow Clones...
So my dad and I came up with and
practiced a counter-strategy.
[grunt]
You know, it would be great if
you just gave up now.
[frustrated grunts]
Guess that's the match...
[sigh]
Damn... [grunt] it...
[quivering breaths]
How 'bout those Chunin Exams?
I heard...
Uh...
you passed the Second Round.
Huh...?
Y-Yeah...
You did just great.
Uh...
I can't lose here!
Hmph!
[gasp]
[grunt]
Damn it! Eh!
[chuckle] Still wanna do this?
[worried breaths and sigh]
Fine, I give up.
[relieved chuckle]
[chuckling]
Oh, good grief...
Doesn't this scene look
familiar?
[groan]
[chuckle]
Boruto Uzumaki moves on to the
final!
[cheering]
Yea, Big Brother! You looked
totally cool out there!
[chuckle]
[cheering]
Young Lord! Congratulations on
making it to the final round!
Oh, hey, what's up Katasuke?
You were amazing!
Only one Shadow Clone's possible
at this stage in development,
but you used it ingeniously!
Just marvelous!
Mm?
This is a supplement.
I look forward to the final and
another impressive showing.
Yeah... I know; I get it...
You and I, Young Lord...
We are going to breathe new life
into this stuffy old world of
shinobi!
We'll breathe new life,
indeed...
Oh! Here you are.
That's better...
That was a close one.
Yeah, I know... All three of us
nearly made it through!
I didn't think losing...
...was gonna be as painful as
this, but...
[chewing] Mmmm... Oh, really?
[exasperated sigh] Maybe you
should be hurting a little more
right now!
You don't waste time on chips
when they're finished. So that's
why I just open up another bag!
Ha!
It seems that your brain is as
empty as that bag!
I really... tried my absolute
best.
I truly did believe... that I
could win, you know?
[sighs]
We'll do better next time. Our
future's just getting started!
We're just like lounge pants!
You know, the kind with an
elastic waist.
There's lots and lots of room
for us to grow... to the max!
Your metaphors are questionable
at best! They don't make sense!
[chuckle] Seriously?!
This is your idea of trying to
console me?!
[chuckles]
[chukle] I guess you're right...
Maybe being chunin isn't
our thing just yet.
Yep! Uh-huh! And besides, first
things first!
We should go crying to Moegi
Sensei and get her to treat us
to barbecue.
Nice one.
(SHIKADAI) Okay, pity party
tonight!
Huh?
(SHIKADAI) Boruto!
You'd better not mess up in the
finals! You understand me?
Uh... Yeah!
[chuckle] Just leave it to me,
ya know!
(SHIKADAI) [chuckle] At least
try to sound convincing...
We'll be watching the matches.
Do your best!
Yeah! Thanks, guys!
(INOJIN) Oh! I don't think Moegi
Sensei can afford BBQ on her
salary...
What? But I'm in the mood for
their extra special kalbi!
(SHIKADAI) Yeah, I don't think
it's gonna happen...
(INOJIN) Ugh! Just get by with
extra special kalbi flavored
potato chips!
(BORUTO) Make sure you're extra
careful around that Araya guy!
(INOJIN) Surprise attacks don't
even faze him, genjutsu
doesn't work!
What's going on here? Is that
guy even human at all?
(SARADA) As one would expect
from a Sand Shinobi. Is he just
stronger than me?! Wait...!
(BORUTO) Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations:
"The Hidden Leaf vs. The Hidden
Sand."
(SARADA) We're growing stronger
every single day! Don't you dare
underestimate us Leaf Shinobi!